README.md, before:

# Gridsome Portfolio Starter

A simple portfolio starter theme for Gridsome

![screenshot](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4316355/55691365-a2403380-596b-11e9-93be-05b846ec7760.jpg)

## Demo URL

[https://gridsome-portfolio-starter.netlify.com](https://gridsome-portfolio-starter.netlify.com)

## Features

- Clean and minimal design
- [Tailwind CSS v1](https://tailwindcss.com) (with PurgeCSS)
- Scroll to sections using [vue-scrollto](https://github.com/rigor789/vue-scrollto)
- Blog with markdown content for posts
- Theme Switcher with Dark Mode
- Search posts with [Fuse.js](https://fusejs.io) and [vue-fuse](https://github.com/shayneo/vue-fuse)
- Tags for posts
- Basic pagination
- Syntax highlighting with [Shiki](https://shiki.matsu.io) (using [this gridsome plugin](https://gridsome.org/plugins/gridsome-plugin-remark-shiki))
- 404 Page
- RSS Feed
- Sitemap in XML

## Installation

1. Install Gridsome CLI tool if you don't have it: `npm install --global @gridsome/cli`
1. Clone the repo: `git clone https://github.com/drehimself/gridsome-portfolio-starter.git`
1. `cd gridsome-portfolio-starter`
1. `npm install`
1. `gridsome develop` to start a local dev server at `http://localhost:8080`

## Notes

 - Based on my [personal portfolio website](https://andremadarang.com). I wanted to create an open source version with more features.
 - Check out a [screencast I did](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uHo6o1TNQeE) where I go through the process of building my website.
 - Illustrations from [unDraw](https://undraw.co)
 - Search is based on [Fuse.js](https://fusejs.io) and [vue-fuse](https://github.com/shayneo/vue-fuse). It only searches the title and summary of posts for now. Some tweaking may be necessary to get it to search to your liking. Check out the fuse documentation for search settings. A `search.json` index file is generated at build time. This happens in `gridsome.server.js`.
 - Check out these other Gridsome Starters where I got some ideas from:
    - [Gridsome Starter Blog](https://github.com/gridsome/gridsome-starter-blog)
    - [Gridsome Starter Bleda](https://github.com/cossssmin/gridsome-starter-bleda)
    - [Jigsaw Starter Blog](https://jigsaw.tighten.co/docs/starter-templates/) - I got a lot of design inspiration from this starter theme.

Commit message:

Add example for using Vue components in markdown using Vue Remark

README.md, after:

# Gridsome Portfolio Starter

A simple portfolio starter theme for Gridsome

![screenshot](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4316355/55691365-a2403380-596b-11e9-93be-05b846ec7760.jpg)

## Demo URL

[https://gridsome-portfolio-starter.netlify.com](https://gridsome-portfolio-starter.netlify.com)

## Features

- Clean and minimal design
- [Tailwind CSS v1](https://tailwindcss.com) (with PurgeCSS)
- Scroll to sections using [vue-scrollto](https://github.com/rigor789/vue-scrollto)
- Blog with markdown content for posts
- Documentation type that shows how to use Vue components in Markdown (click Docs)
- Theme Switcher with Dark Mode
- Search posts with [Fuse.js](https://fusejs.io) and [vue-fuse](https://github.com/shayneo/vue-fuse)
- Tags for posts
- Basic pagination
- Syntax highlighting with [Shiki](https://shiki.matsu.io) (using [this gridsome plugin](https://gridsome.org/plugins/gridsome-plugin-remark-shiki))
- 404 Page
- RSS Feed
- Sitemap in XML

## Installation

1. Install Gridsome CLI tool if you don't have it: `npm install --global @gridsome/cli`
1. Clone the repo: `git clone https://github.com/drehimself/gridsome-portfolio-starter.git`
1. `cd gridsome-portfolio-starter`
1. `npm install`
1. `gridsome develop` to start a local dev server at `http://localhost:8080`

## Notes

 - Based on my [personal portfolio website](https://andremadarang.com). I wanted to create an open source version with more features.
 - Check out a [screencast I did](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uHo6o1TNQeE) where I go through the process of building my website.
 - Illustrations from [unDraw](https://undraw.co)
 - Search is based on [Fuse.js](https://fusejs.io) and [vue-fuse](https://github.com/shayneo/vue-fuse). It only searches the title and summary of posts for now. Some tweaking may be necessary to get it to search to your liking. Check out the fuse documentation for search settings. A `search.json` index file is generated at build time. This happens in `gridsome.server.js`.
 - Check out these other Gridsome Starters where I got some ideas from:
    - [Gridsome Starter Blog](https://github.com/gridsome/gridsome-starter-blog)
    - [Gridsome Starter Bleda](https://github.com/cossssmin/gridsome-starter-bleda)
    - [Jigsaw Starter Blog](https://jigsaw.tighten.co/docs/starter-templates/) - I got a lot of design inspiration from this starter theme.
